the benefits of magnesium chloride
properties how to consume it
contraindications and side effects
Magnesium chloride has varied
effects on the body helps clean
the blood dissolves deposits of
cholesterol in the blood vessels
activates the immune system benefits the
manufacture of antibodies properties
causes the activation of vitamins
enzymes
helps to form bone structures and
dental proteins and antibodies is
antistress antithrombotic
anti-inflammatory and cardioprotective
actions on our body possesses a
fixing action on calcium what
help in the treatments of
osteoporosis acts on the correct
transmission of nerve impulses and
favors the breakdown of molecules
glucose in the muscles for creation
of light energy negative action to
balance the central nervous system
the disorders due to lack of
magnesium are abundant and those who
suffer from stress problems or commit
excess of sugar alcohol and drugs already
that he
and magnesium in large quantities increases
the secretion of bile which helps the
fat digestion and elimination of
toxic waste for being a regulator
primary of electrical activities
acts in numerous reactions
metabolic when we lack
we feel tired depressed without encouragement
annoyed and annoyed by all
magnesium participates in the activation of
more than 300 enzymes and other agents
body chemicals active at
vitamins bay has a paramount role in
protein synthesis excitability
of the muscles and release of energy
is located mainly in the
mitochondria energetic center of the
cells as you should see their great
importance for metabolism does
necessary for multiple processes
biological is why this mineral
is concentrated in the heart liver
brain and kidneys its absence produces
emotional instability increase and
decreased reflexes
uncoordinated muscular apathy
constipation premenstrual problems is
lack of appetite nausea vomiting diarrhea
tremors osteoporosis caries rheumatism
bone decalcification in addition to its
lack affects the possibility of
suffering a heart attack for diabetics is
impossible to control the levels of
blood sugar if you do not have a
adequate level of magnesium in the body
the list of benefits is huge so
that it has been determined that his presence
in the daily diet is absolutely
necessary of what we eat only 30
at 40 percent is absorbed by
our body and the refining of
food as well as its cooking produces
a great loss of mineral for being a
chemical compound is not exempt from
contraindications that should be had in
account to avoid side effects
Magnesium chloride is
contraindicated in case of diarrhea and
kidney failure preparing for
its consumption is done in a way
easy you should first boil a
liter of water and let it cool then
dissolve 30 grams of chloride
magnesium in the water mixes with a
wooden spoon and gets into bottle
of glass according to the doctors there is
consume it after 40 years
when it is assimilated less through the
food these are some foods
which are high in magnesium
amount of magnesium expressed in
milligrams per 100 grams of
food from largest to smallest pipes
sunflower 387 almonds 258 hazelnuts 258
wheat germ 250 soybeans 240 grain
peanuts 174 chickpeas and beans
white 160 pistachio 158 chocolate 100 y
you consume magnesium chloride for
treat or prevent some kind of
diseases or to improve your health
what is your experience with chloride
Magnesium in any case is important
that you consult with your doctor and in case
that I told you only to acquire
products with controls
corresponding if you liked the
information of the video you can give to the
finger point pointing up thank you
for your attention you have a good day